>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Sean Stone is with us, host
of Gaia series, "Buzzsaw."
He's also a filmmaker, author.
He's an actor, a
poet, a speaker,
and most of all,
a seeker of truth,
and a spiritual activist.
Sean, welcome to the program.
>>SEAN STONE: Thank you.
It's good to see you again.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>STONE: We're doing well.
This is a crazy time we're
living in, as you know.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>STONE: And by
the time this show
airs, who knows what's
going to happen in between?
But we're here.
>>NOORY: It's the
craziest of times.
>>STONE: Right?
>>NOORY: Remember the
saying, the best of times,
the worst of times.
I think we're in all
of that right now.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: You have a project
called, "Best Kept Secret."
Tell me about that.
>>STONE: "Best Kept Secret"
is about the dark side
of the elite, what
we call the elite.
People now talk about the
World Economic Forum--
>>NOORY: The powerbrokers.
>>STONE: --as
powerbrokers, exactly.
Those heads of
international mega banks
and giant international
corporations and these
thought leaders that they
consider to be important
gathering together.
But overall, we
understand that there
is an oligarchy at the heart
of, at least, our Western world.
And also, in China,
they have their elite.
So looking at the
nature of power,
how do they influence mankind?
Well, for thousands of years, it
was done through kings, right?
Emperors and kings.
That was how you essentially
decreed things and then
through the churches, right?
The spiritual leaders who--
>>NOORY: And your head.
>>STONE: Exactly.
If you were a
heretic at the time,
they would chop your head
off or burn you at the stake,
if you rebelled against
the power structure.
So it's transitioned, right?
We have so-called democracy,
so-called freedom.
And yet, the elite
has not gone away.
The financial elite that creates
the central banking systems,
for example, and
coins, the currency,
essentially is influencing
the politicians of the world.
>>NOORY: What do
they want, Sean?
>>STONE: So the
way that I see it--
and I break it down with
"Best Kept Secret"--
is they want to continue
to rule over humanity.
There is a side-- there
is an aspect of wanting
to limit the population.
We've heard people like
Bill Gates and others talk
about that, wanting to
reduce the population.
The Georgia Guidestones
talked about it.
There's different numbers.
>>NOORY: Look what
happened to them.
>>STONE: Look what
happen to them.
>>NOORY: They got blown up.
>>STONE: They got blown up.
It's very interesting.
So there's different
numbers, as far as
how they want to
depopulate, whether it's
under half a million.
Some people say, 75% of the
population, which is basically
down to 2 billion or
less people on the planet
huge, huge, huge reductions.
I mean, how is this
going to be achieved?
We don't go into all of
that in the documentary.
What we go into,
though, is the idea
of controlling humanity at one
level of controlling the mind,
right?
How do they do that?
Through the media,
through the narratives
that are given to us
through the media.
And you know all about that.
You work in the media.
You see the stories that are
tailored and, essentially,
given to us, whether it's
propaganda for a war,
or for a political campaign,
or for an economic campaign,
right?
We need a war on poverty.
We need a war on drugs.
We need a war on terror.
We need a--
>>NOORY: I see
that all the time.
>>STONE: Right?
>>NOORY: I try to screen as
much of that out as I can.
What does sovereignty
mean to you, Sean?
>>STONE: So sovereignty is
what we are endowed with.
And what the Constitution and
the Declaration of Independence
really helped to
clarify, I would say,
it's what we are endowed with
by a divine creator, something
that is beyond this world.
>>NOORY: It's our gift.
>>STONE: It's innate.
It's given to us, right?
The Declaration talks
about that all men--
obviously, men and
women-- are created
equally by the creator
with unalienable rights
to, essentially, freedom
and to the desire
to pursue our freedoms,
to pursue our happiness.
So this gift that
our creator gives us
is clarified by the Constitution
of the United States,
in the sense that
the government only
has power that the
states and the people
there give the government.
Most countries around
the world don't
stipulate those same
freedoms necessarily.
And many governments
around the world
say that, essentially, the
people were given their rights
by the kings.
And then when the kings left,
essentially, the governments
took over.
And so, oftentimes,
it's the people
having rights given to
them by the government.
But, no, sovereignty
is that your rights
are endowed to you by
your creator, which
is from beyond this world.
And no one can take those,
violate those rights without--
essentially, they should not
have any right to do that.
If they do, there should be,
as the Declaration talked
about, an insurrection, a
rebellion, a revolution, right?
There has to be gathering
of people to say, no, you
don't have the right to take--
you, government, don't have
the right to take this from me
without some kind of agreement.
And so, I think that sovereignty
is an important point
because we're at
this time period
when sovereignty is also a
multidimensional experience
of realizing who, that we are
these divine beings remembering
our true nature, that we
are entering a new age where
we are becoming more sensitive
to this multi-dimensional
universe.
We're talking about aliens--
from Coast-to-Coast
and all your work,
you know about this, right?
All these dimensions
of experience,
paranormal, supernatural that
we're awakening to this reality
and realizing that we
are Galactic humans.
That we are not just here on
this Earth by an accident.
>>NOORY: Do you think people are
at a breaking point right now?
>>STONE: People are rightfully
upset because that's
part of the awakening
process, I believe.
When you get woken up-- as you
know, if you want to sleep,
it can be very jarring.
It can be aggravating.
But collectively, we are going
through this Pluto returns time
period.
It's eight-year cycle
of Pluto returning.
It was 2016-- if I'm
correct, 2016 to 2024.
And the similitude is
basically to the time
of the American Revolution
in terms of Pluto's return.
And what happens
is excavates it.
It brings up all
kinds of darkness.
It becomes more awareness of--
as I said before, people
are more aware of the World
Economic Forum.
They're more aware of global
elites, and there's agendas,
and they're seeing through
the facade, let's say,
of government wanting to help.
There's an agenda here.
We don't trust you anymore.
So that's part of the awakening,
and there's also an anger that
comes with it, right?
People are saying,
save the children.
People are realizing
that there is
human trafficking in the world.
In America across the world
as well, but in America, too.
They're realizing
these things that are
going on that are very dark.
>>NOORY: They never
believed it before.
They are believing it now?
>>STONE: It's not
just believing it.
It's truly a revelation
process, I would call it.
We are living through
the revelations
of the Book of Revelations.
Because, as you know,
belief is so difficult.
Because I could say,
yeah, sure, I believe--
I believe it's
possible or maybe.
But all of a sudden,
there's a revelation.
All of a sudden, you know.
You say, OK, I know now.
There's a whole new realization
that people are coming to you.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>STONE: And they're
realizing that why--
they're starting to
really question, OK,
why do we have, essentially,
these self-proclaimed rulers,
these self-proclaimed
elite, right?
The elite talking
amongst themselves
at the World Economic Forum.
They're calling
themselves the elite.
We trust the elite.
We realize the elite
trust the elite more
and the common person
doesn't trust the elite.
Who are you
self-proclaimed elite?
What makes you elite?
What gives you that right?
Because you have
more money, right?
Because you have more access to
politicians, and governments,
and access to capital?
>>NOORY: Ordered and titled?
>>STONE: Yeah, exactly.
It's like the old aristocracy.
So just because you're
born as the son of a king,
that makes you a prince, and you
have the right to rule over me?
No.
We're waking up to that reality.
And again, this gets us
to sovereignty to say,
I am actually a divine being
with the same rights, the same,
essentially, quality.
Now, the problem is, many
people think equality
is equality of outcome.
No, you and I are going to
have different experiences
of our reality.
We're never going
to be equal, but we
are equal in the eyes of God.
We're equally expressions
of the Divine,
and we're realizing
that equality.
And that's a
beautiful experience.
So what's happening is
people are waking up,
but there's confusion that
comes with that, right?
People are confused.
Because they're saying, wow,
there has been this racism,
and there has been sexism, and
there have been many problems.
And the key now is
to take that anger
and to put it into a
way of love and not
into a way of retribution.
Oh, you know what, you owe me.
No, we have to shift our
psychology from a owing
because that creates a victim
mentality into a state of,
how can we come into a better
way of being with each other?
How can we become more conscious
in our relationships, right?
And I think this is
where we're moving
towards-- more reciprocity.
I have something to offer.
You have something to offer.
How can we reciprocate with
my offering and your offering
to share in this new
society that we're building?
>>NOORY: On Gaia's
"Open Minds" show,
Neil Kramer talks, much like
you do, about sovereignty
and how to gauge it.
>>NEIL KRAMER: If you consider
yourself your own authority,
lots of things fall into place.
If you ever bow down to
authority, lots of things
begin to drift.
A good test is
that if a policeman
knocks on your door, what
do you-- how do you fee?
Most people go, oh, God.
Something's wrong.
What is it?
Hello?
Somebody dead?
Have I done?
>>REGINA MEREDITH: I don't.
I feel quite
differently about that.
>>KRAMER: I know you do.
If a policeman knocks on your
door, how do you feel, right?
That's a good benchmark.
>>MEREDITH: Indignant.
What are you doing
here on my property?
>>KRAMER: So that is a
lovely test because prior
generations-- my parents',
and grandparents', and great
grandparents' generation, those
authority figures who just did
what you were told.
So this movement
of empire, let's
just acknowledge for
a minute, that it's
brought a great teaching to
us, which is hang on a second.
No, you don't do
what you're told.
You shouldn't do that.
And just because
they've got a badge
and a uniform doesn't
mean that you should
do what you're told, right?
Now, that, in England, is
unthinkable in the 1920s,
and '30s, in '40s, in '50s.
You did what you were
told because there
was the conception, which is
a misconception misconception.
There was the idea that
the government is good.
They're voted in by
the people, and they're
doing a very, very good job.
They're doing the
best they can in very
difficult circumstances.
We know now that
that's not true,
and it has never been true
in all of ancient history,
going back as far as
you can, 8,000 years.
It gets well hazy prior to that.
So certainly, in the
last 2,000 years,
where we have a decent
record of history in Britain,
I can't see any examples of
wise, equitable management
of people through a
freely elected government,
not a single example of it.
Therefore, some of
those rules change.
So you do get conscious
excellent community
policing to make sure that
when there's a problem,
it's dealt with.
But they're not enforcing
things necessarily
because the community
doesn't require it.
>>NOORY: Based on
what you've said,
I would tend that you
would agree with him.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
No, I mean, take the
police, for example.
When the George Floyd incident
occurred, immediately,
what occurred to
me was not so much
the racial issue because
the cop's involved.
If you saw, there
was a white cop.
There was an Asian cop.
There was a Black cop.
There were multiple races.
>>NOORY: A lot of them
just standing around.
>>STONE: I saw it as authority.
And this is our issue as a
society is this relationship
with authority and why
this authority figure
has the right to, again,
tell me I don't have rights.
I have to be detained.
I can be thrown in jail.
Even if I'm not
guilty of anything,
if they simply-- if
they say, well, there's
allegation or whatnot.
But this fear of the
authority figure,
this submissiveness
to the authority
figure, why should the
authority figure not
respect me the same way?
If the cop wants respect, then
the cop should also respect me.
And I think this is why
I talk about reciprocity.
Reciprocity starts with how
we are able to respect one
another, no matter what your
background, your ethnicity,
or religion, you name it.
>>NOORY: And most cops do that.
And most of those cops do.
>>STONE: Oh, I have no issue.
I mean, I'm not saying
across the board it's police.
I'm simply saying, this notion,
this power system of authority,
and putting us, as
he was talking about,
into this place of
submissiveness and fear,
as opposed to a place
of, the authorities
should come from a
place of respect.
And many times, I've
had that exactly.
I've respected the
police officer.
I felt the same back.
But the point is
that with respect we
have to have a reciprocal
relationship with everyone
in our reality,
from the president,
from the CEO of a company, all
the way down to the janitor.
Why can't we just
have that same respect
for every being as
an expression of God?
>>NOORY: Why do humans become
so obsessed with controlling?
Mind control, people
control, everything.
Why are we obsessed with these?
>>STONE: So this is exactly--
the "Best Kept Secret,"
you mentioned that series,
we get into this to
a certain extent.
I believe the control comes
from the reptilian brain stem,
right?
And so, it's interesting how,
as you know, people like,
not just David Icke.
He got it from Zulu shamans.
Credo mutua, for example,
talked about this, the idea
that there is this what you
could call reptilian beings
from beyond this
dimension, that work
through the guise of humans.
And this is across cultures.
I mean, I've talked to people
in the Islamic world who
talk about the jinn,
and they describe
them also, oftentimes, as
serpent-like creatures,
reptilian creatures.
So to say that whether
or not the reptilian is
an actual multidimensional
being, appearing human,
there's still an
interesting synonym
that we all have the reptilian
brain stem in the evolution
of the human being, right?
As we have evolved
over time, we still
have the reptilian
brain in us at our root.
It's our primitive fight
or flight modality.
And that part of us that is so
rooted in the four F's, as they
say-- fornication, fear,
fighting, and fleeing--
this aspect of us,
if you think about,
it's, perhaps, overactive
in many beings.
Especially people
that have more power,
they ultimately
are in more fear.
I mean, Machiavelli
talked about it, right?
You have to rule with fear.
You have to make people fear
you because, otherwise, they're
going to take from you.
If you have a lot, if you're
a Bill Gates or whatnot,
you have a lot.
You have a lot more
to lose, right?
So you want to control how
people interface with you.
And we all have that
at some level, right?
I mean, every one
of us has to deal
with that in a relationship.
I want to control my partner.
We have to recognize
in ourselves
that we have some fear
in us that we'll be left,
that we will be
abandoned, right?
That it will be taken from us.
>>NOORY: It's an
insecurity, isn't it?
>>STONE: It can be
boiled down to that.
But there is some
root in us that
is a wound, that
essentially is this--
you could even say the
separation from the mother
when we're born, right?
We come out of the womb.
It's the same feeling
of separation from God,
that we have this insecurity.
We don't know exactly
who we are, why
we're here, what we're doing.
And so, there is this
wound of insecurity.
Then, depending on
if you don't work
with that, if we
don't work to heal it
and to evolve into our higher
frontal, the neocortex,
and the frontal lobes.
Meditation practices,
actually, helps activate those.
So the idea is that, as
we evolve, consciously and
maturity, we can
then approach life
with more faith and more love
without the need for control.
But I believe that
most of our dark elite
are fixated on controlling
because they are,
so you could say,
maybe insecure,
but fundamentally, they're
in need of their food source.
>>NOORY: Are they afraid?
>>STONE: Well,
it's a food source.
I mean, you know, again, it's
interesting, these synonyms.
There's people talking
about reptilian beings that
feed on humans.
But even, literally,
as you know,
there's a synonym, the metaphor.
If you're a performance artist,
and you have a big audience,
you feed on that energy.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
I just had one in
Everett, Washington,
where the place was
sold out, and there's
nothing like that feeling
of applause, and laughter,
and interactiveness, Sean.
It's infectious.
>>STONE: Yes.
And so, it's across the board.
It's a food source.
What is McDonald's?
It needs the food source of
all the customers coming in
and feeding it, right?
The point is that
there's this feeding
system of the current
economy that, essentially,
is looking to get the
lifeblood, the energy of people.
And it wants and it needs
to maintain that, right?
McDonald's has to
keep that market.
What if McDonald's lost a
billion customers next year?
They would probably collapse.
>>NOORY: They're at the creek.
>>STONE: Right?
They'd probably collapse.
So there's this feeding process.
So there's an aspect,
as I said, of a mutual,
I call it, the puppet
master and the puppet.
They're entangled.
The puppet master
doesn't realize.
He thinks, oh, I'm controlling.
I'm the elite.
I'm controlling humanity.
But no, actually, this is my
food source for my economy.
And so, I think that there's a
real interesting question here
of when we talk about
depopulation agenda, which
people, like Gates and others,
are they essentially trying
to control the
collapse of economies?
Because companies like
McDonald's and others
will also suffer.
So it's very interesting to me.
I think there is a real
debate within elite.
I don't think that the elite
are unanimous in, so far,
as they're saying,
we-- obviously, they
want their food
source to be humanity.
But if humanity does
depopulate, what does that mean?
Does that mean that they,
then, lose their economy?
That they lose their customers?
Or will they just be left
with a smaller population
that, essentially,
these major corporations
will be in control of?
Because as we saw during the
lockdowns, what happened was,
many small businesses
were closed down,
but the big ones continued
to expand, right?
The Amazons.
>>NOORY: You're right on
when you talk about control.
Let's go back to
Neil Kramer again
and look at what he has to say.
You two seemed like you might
have talked on the phone
because you're pretty similar.
>>KRAMER: I went to my very
first 4th of July barbecue
this year, and the people I was
with were excellent and lovely,
and they were patriotic in
an intelligent, and broad,
and human way.
And they were like,
we like our community.
God bless America.
Let's have some sausages, right?
During that time, I saw all
these flags out, of course.
And I know what the
people are thinking, which
is, we like our way of life.
We do have certain
freedoms here that appear
to be disappearing elsewhere.
We like the way we do things.
And the principle
of what's happening
in America in its pure
state is quite good.
And I would agree with that.
However, if they knew what
that flag actually represented,
they would set it on fire
because the flag is not
what they think
it is, and that's
the great dilemma that we
talked about last time,
the invisibility of empire.
To wave a stars and
stripes or a union flag
is a very unusual thing to
do because it is emblazoned
with these symbols
of subjecting oneself
to control outside control.
And when you raise that
flag, you're not saying,
I like my community
and my kindred spirits.
You are giving your power away.
>>MEREDITH: Absolutely.
So sovereignty and
the reformation
of political systems.
>>KRAMER: Discuss.
Yeah, political systems.
Again, my benchmark is when
I look at the body politic
in England, in the
United Kingdom,
in Britain, however you
want to describe it,
I don't see any wisdom.
There was wisdom in the
'50s and '60s a little bit,
from what I can
gather from history.
And my father assures
me that in the '70s,
there were the last vestiges
of wisdom in politics.
When I started to open my eyes
as a young man in the '80s,
I saw no wisdom.
None at all.
So I can't understand
how you can
have a system of people
with no wisdom determining
the administration of
a country and the laws
that govern that
behavior in that country.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
For that reason, I refuse to
give my consent to that system.
So I refuse to give it
my philosophical energy,
and I refuse to give it my
vote because the vote is
the primary way of giving
consent to a system.
>>NOORY: Is he right, Sean?
>>STONE: Yes.
Yes.
If we're talking about--
>>NOORY: You hesitated
for a little bit.
>>STONE: Well, there are
interesting aspects to this.
So for me, for example,
in its principle,
what America
represents-- and this
is what I think a lot of
people when we're talking
about patriotism in America.
It's a little bit different
than some other countries.
America, in its essence--
remember, Declaration
and the Constitution--
is meant to be a revolutionary
country against the empire,
right?
And basically asserting,
for the first time
in the modern world, the innate
human rights of the individual
that we are endowed
by our creator
with these rights,
these God-given rights.
>>NOORY: It started
the right way.
>>STONE: Right.
And so, I think that's what
people still hold on to when
we're patriotic despite--
and then what
happened is that there
has been an explosion of
this federal government.
It's a huge behemoth.
It's indebted us,
we, the taxpayers,
for 30 plus trillion.
I mean, it's almost
a joke at this point.
It's like, we know we're not
going to pay this, right?
But the point is that this
federal government is massive.
It began with the
First World War.
Before the First World
War, the federal government
was 6% of the American GDP.
I mean, now, it's grown
to what proportion.
I can't even imagine because
it's a major contractor for--
I'm sorry, it pays
major contracts
to the military
industrial complex, to--
you name it-- big pharma, to
the major medical industrial
complex, the welfare state, all
these aspects, Social Security.
All these things are this
is huge amounts of money,
and infrastructure,
and bureaucracies.
So you have a massive
federal government
that wasn't necessarily the
intention in our Constitution.
So when he talks
about voting, yeah, I
agree there is a system that
is entrenched and is moving us
into a direction of globalism,
as I wrote in my New World
Order book.
And that's really
the empire modality,
which is government at
a global level, which
takes the power away from
us, the individuals, which
is what our Constitution
was supposed to be about.
The rights that we give the
federal government certain role
to play.
And then beyond
that, it's supposed
to be reserved to the States
and the people therein.
And that's
decentralization, right?
That's what we're talking about
in this time, decentralization
of power, bringing
the power back home,
bringing back to
the communities,
to the county level,
to the state level.
That's more manageable
for us as individuals.
Once it gets to the level of the
UN, and the Hague, and the EU,
and the various agreements and
accords that are governing us,
and treaties that
are governing us,
what say do we have anymore
as individuals, right?
If the Paris Treaty forces us
to take on carbon emissions,
right?
As an individual, I have no
say in that anymore, right?
So that's my point is that
we've taken power so far
away from the individual.
That's taken the authority
away, and that's not
what I believe our American
Constitution was about
and our founders were about.
So I do have that
patriotism, and that's
a different
patriotism in America
than it is for England,
which is grappling
with an empire for hundreds
and hundreds of years.
>>NOORY: Can the individual
control the power himself
and do a good job?
>>STONE: What do you
mean by the power?
>>NOORY: By taking things
into their own hands.
>>STONE: Of course,
we do it every day.
I believe-- see, even with
economics, for example,
I believe that we
make choices, right?
We take the power into
our hands when we decide
what to do with our money.
If I have my money, I
want to invest in you.
I want to buy your product,
I'm investing in you, right?
If I buy someone's product.
>>NOORY: Then, again, you could
make the wrong decision, right?
>>STONE: But what's wrong?
I mean, the point
of the question
is, of course, there's
a right and wrong.
You can look at the
global perspective.
You could say, there's
ecological consequences.
You could look at the
consequences for our health.
If I eat McDonald's, it's
probably not the best
for my health, right?
We do have, of course,
the opportunity,
but that's what freedom allows.
Freedom has to give us
the right to be wrong.
If we take away freedom,
then, of course,
who's going to say
what's right and wrong?
The state?
Am I going to trust
the state to tell me
this is what you going
to do for your body?
You must take these medications.
You must eat this food.
You must listen to this music.
You must listen to this
narrative and the news.
You must do this job.
>>NOORY: Do this, do that.
>>STONE: I mean, no, that's
never going to work in humans.
Humans are innate
desires for freedom.
That's why every
empire falls because it
can't withstand the pressure
of the human saying I'm
a free being.
You can't tell me what to do.
>>NOORY: You can't
control them all the time.
What is transhumanism
mean to you?
>>STONE: So transhumanism
is a fascinating subject.
And again, we get into it a
little bit in the "Best Kept
Secret" docuseries.
To me, it's basically a desire
to remake the human being.
And there's different
facets to it.
There is genetic
modification, at gene editing,
things like this
using mRNA technology.
>>NOORY: There's a
physical alteration--
>>STONE: There's physical.
>>NOORY: --and a mental change?
>>STONE: Well, I
mean, for example,
you take Elon Musk's Neuralink,
right, which is essentially
connecting our brains to
be wireless in interfacing
with something, wirelessly,
with a computer wireless.
>>NOORY: Hook us up
with wireless computers
and satellites.
>>STONE: Right.
Exactly.
So there's many facets to it.
But the idea, ultimately,
is redesigning
the human, saying that humanity
has not reached its peak
for optimal performance, right?
Even though we've
evolved to the state,
we can help it with
science, with technology.
And so, again, transhumanism
is a huge discipline.
I don't want to
speak for all of it.
My main concern with it
is when the technology
begins to be integrated
into the human body.
Now, there are, obviously--
>>NOORY: Can that be good, too?
>>STONE: Of course, it can.
There are great examples.
I mean, there are
Olympians, the athletes
who have lost limbs,
for example, Right
and they're being given--
>>NOORY: Prosthetic legs.
>>STONE: --prosthetic
legs or arms.
And if you have an
ability to speak,
it's wonderful to have the
potential for Neuralink.
My issue, though,
is, ultimately, I
believe that we are--
again, we are endowed
by a divine spirit.
I believe that we have so much
more ability and capability
within us if we trust
that we are made, really,
in a beautiful organic and
evolved way with nature.
I'm worried about taking us
too far away from nature.
I think we already see
consequences of it.
Think about how being denatured
for children is affecting,
let's say, their
minds, their emotions.
It's like there's a huge issue
with suicide, youth suicide,
for example.
>>NOORY: They just
came out with a report
that kids, eight and above,
should be treated for anxiety.
That's crazy.
>>STONE: It's
happening en masse,
and I believe that we are being
taken too far from nature.
It's already
happening, as we know,
with the video games, the amount
of television, and social media
that we're engaging with.
But imagine, then, now
putting that into your body.
We don't understand
the consequences
of what this will do to us.
Because we've ultimately evolved
these bodies in conjunction
with the natural world.
So I'm very concerned about that
side of the transhuman agenda.
And I think that
there is an agenda
to control humanity better.
Because if, again,
the psychology
of many of these elite is
that the human being is
just a biocomputer that,
essentially, the DNA
is just a bunch of
on/off switches.
So if we can just figure
out how to manipulate
the on/off and ones and
zeros like in a computer,
we can create a
more optimal being.
And I'm very skeptical of that.
I'm very skeptical of
the consequence of it
and how much more
harm it will cause.
>>NOORY: Is there
an upside here?
>>STONE: Well, of course.
I mean, their upside,
they claim, of course,
will be the designer baby.
We'll get you the baby
that has the freer color.
>>NOORY: Free of
this, free of that.
>>STONE: It'll be larger.
But again, you can't
be free of disease.
We're in a natural world.
There's germs, and
bacteria, and viruses.
We've co-evolved with
them for a millenia.
>>NOORY: But they'll
tell you they will.
>>STONE: But that's my point.
So they say that
there's an upside.
And again, maybe there is.
But I believe that the danger
is greater than the upside,
just like with, again, AI.
AI has upsides to it.
But ultimately, who
programs the AI?
Because if you program
the AI in such a way,
it can very easily turn
against humanity and say, look,
we're a stupid species.
We're irrational.
For the sake of rationality,
remember, Hitler and others
created huge genocides.
If you follow the
logic, it's very easy
to end up with genocide.
Because humans are illogical.
We're irrational, but
that's our beauty.
>>NOORY: Our friend
William Henry
was on "Open Minds,"
talking about the commodity
texts in relationship to
what you're talking about.
>>WILLIAM HENRY: Paul
clearly spells out
this warning in the Book
of Ephisians to say,
watch out for these
archons and these powers
that come from other worlds.
They want our souls.
And he has a remedy for it.
He tells us that the way
we can protect ourselves
is by augmenting
the body, by putting
on what he calls the
crown of salvation,
the breastplate
of righteousness,
the belt of truth,
the sandals of peace,
and the sword of faith.
>>MEREDITH: Higher
attributes, virtues.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
Are they or are these
actual physical objects
he's telling us to go acquire?
My answer is, they're
psychospiritual attributes.
>>MEREDITH: They're
psychospiritual, yeah.
>>HENRY: These are
psychospiritual attributes
that are developed
from within us,
that everybody can
activate from within.
And so, clearly, if
you're looking for them
as exterior power
tools, it's going
to take you down one path.
But if you're looking
at it internally,
it's going to take
you down another path.
And clearly, we want to
go down the internal path.
We don't need this
technology in order
to be able to do all the
things that our technology is
making it so easy for us to do.
>>MEREDITH: Absolutely not.
And you say that this
heavenly realm written about,
including the archons, is
also in the Nag Hammadi.
>>HENRY: Yes, absolutely.
This is the basis for
all the Gnostic taxes.
This New Kingdom of
heaven and this new Earth,
as well as the emergence
of a perfect man, this
is the term they keep using.
But when you-- as
I have done, have
gone through these
various traditions
and tried to understand
what is the perfect human?
Well, the word perfect
in this context
means whole, wholly,
and complete.
So it doesn't mean
that we're going
to augment ourselves through
some kind of Google technology
and become perfect.
Rather, it's a state within
us that everybody can acquire,
this state of
wholeness and holiness.
And every spiritual
tradition talks
about the emergence of a
perfect human being who
is not a flesh and blood being.
They all agree
that the human body
was designed for ascension.
It was designed to be spun
into a vortex of energy that
ultimately manifests as
five-colored rainbow light,
which they call the rainbow.
>>MEREDITH: When
the time comes, when
a person reached that point
in their own evolution.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
But along the way, there have
been many gurus and avatars
that have attained the
status to show as the way.
And something I find
very interesting
is that when you look into the
Dead Sea Scrolls, for example,
they were clearly
part of this program
that was trying to infuse
humanity with a-- call it
a higher vibrational
being, a new way of living.
They believed that humans
could transform into angels,
and that the angels had
come to Earth to show humans
how to scale the
evolutionary ladder.
And not through technology,
but psychospiritual means.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about
technology, for a moment, Sean.
I remember the days we
used to have pagers,
probably before you were born.
>>STONE: No, we had pagers.
>>NOORY: And now, we've
all got smartphones.
Now, we can go on the internet.
Now, we can do research.
Now, you can text people.
You can send pictures to
friends in Europe instantly.
What's wrong with that?
>>STONE: I don't have
an issue with that.
I'm not anti-technology.
I simply said, don't
put it into your body.
Be careful about putting
it into your body,
unless it's, of course--
I mean, there are
cases of extreme,
people that have, again, lost
limbs, have been damaged.
I understand that.
But be careful about
putting it into your body.
Because our cell phone
is emitting EMFs.
I mean, I remember
when I was a kid--
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>STONE: They told
you, don't put the cell
phone to your head, remember?
And nowadays, it's like people
have forgotten about that.
So I'm not against technology.
And I understand that
humans are going to play.
I mean, look, this
is what we do.
This is part of the freedom.
So I'm not here to tell
people, don't try it.
Just be mindful of what
you put into your body.
Be mindful of what you--
because once you break
that blood-brain barrier,
once you've embedded
in your body,
it can be more permanent
or permanent, right?
I mean, just like
a tattoo, right?
Be careful.
Be mindful of what you're doing.
But we are here to experiment.
We are here to explore.
That's an aspect of the
reason why we're here.
It's to play.
>>NOORY: If you were able to
paint your ideal civilization,
the vision of the
future, of a human being,
what would that be?
>>STONE: Oh, wow, they would
look like those rainbow beings
that he was talking about.
I mean, the sense--
>>NOORY: He loves those things.
>>STONE: --the chakra was
activated, filling our energy.
Look, we're energy.
We're energy beings.
And I think that the more we
become attuned to the energy
that we are, the more that we
can actually, at one level,
be contained within ourselves
so that we're not always
looking for external feeding,
going back to our conversation
earlier, the feeding, the idea
of needing to feed upon others.
Give me your money.
Give me your attention.
Give me your energy.
If it's reciprocated, this
is the future, I believe.
The future is
reciprocation of energy.
As I said, if I buy your
good, I'm an investor.
We don't think of it that way.
We think of it as,
I'm a customer.
What if the future is,
no, I'm an investor.
So I actually get to
be part of your company
because I'm investing in you.
That's the way I want
us to be in the future.
I want us to be really
attuned to where
we're putting our energy.
Because money is energy.
Who am I choosing
to commerce with?
to commune with?
Who am I choosing to interact
with and create agreements
with?
And as we become more
intentional aware,
and we realize,
again, our own energy
and who we share
our energy with,
then I believe we end up
with a more loving society.
Because we realize
that our power doesn't
come from fear but from love.
Because despite what Machiavelli
said, that if people fear you,
they won't hurt you.
Well, go look at
Harvey Weinstein.
They feared him.
As soon as he got
weak, what do they do?
They turned on him.
There are people that were
previously friends or working
with him were happy
to throw him out.
>>NOORY: They all turned out.
>>STONE: Because that's what
happens if they fear you.
When they love you,
they're going to show up
at your sick bed, right?
They're going to
bring you flowers.
They're going to--
>>NOORY: That's human nature.
>>STONE: That's why-- so love
is more powerful than fear.
>>NOORY: Is there a positive
way out for us here?
>>STONE: Of course.
Of course.
Look, I'm not here to
predict the earthquakes
and how many people are going
to be affected or harmed
in the process.
I mean, we're here
at this time period
of massive transformation.
This is the time of transition.
But what kind of
humanity prevails?
Perhaps, there's
going to humanities.
Perhaps, there'll be a
more roboticized humanity
that will be transhuman,
that will be more, perhaps,
chipped, that will have
gene editing going in.
They'll be ready to merge
themselves with their computer
technology more quickly.
And then, there'll be those
of us that are more, perhaps,
organic, more attuned to
our energy and the energy
that we surround
ourselves with, that
are more attuned to nature.
Because nature, Earth is
alive, and she's Gaia.
She's a big part of the story.
Because she's waking up.
>>NOORY: She may be the story.
>>STONE: She is the story.
Well, she's not the only one.
Because don't forget,
we got the sun,
and we've got the solar
system and the cosmos.
But right now, yeah,
life is happening here.
>>NOORY: You should have
added astrologer to your bio.
>>STONE: So this is
where it's at, right?
This is the playground
of evolution.
And I think conscious
evolution is taking us
into a place, where,
who knows, we could
be getting-- we could get more
telepathic in this coming time
period.
We could find all
kinds of abilities
that would have been considered
mystical or fantastic.
We don't know where
we're going as a species.
But I do urge people
be cautious of merging
the technology with your being.
Take time with it, but don't
make it your entire life.
Don't allow it to engross you.
Because life is
happening all around us.
It's in, again, the Earth
herself, her activation.
When we go to touch the tree.
We touch the ground.
We walk on the mountain.
We feel the energy.
We feel the power of the
sun activating us, right?
This is where the evolution
is actually occurring.
It's occurring at those
vibrational levels
that are invisible.
It's not just at the level
of what iPhone generation
you're on.
>>NOORY: Humankind,
since the ages,
has expressed itself in the
form of artwork and things
like that.
Can they depict things in
artwork to change the future?
>>STONE: So this is a
really interesting question.
I believe that we are creators.
And not just me.
I mean, many people
will say this.
Humans are creators.
So why is it so important
that the media plant seeds?
Because if you are the Earth,
you and I are the Earth,
we are made of the same
stuff of the Earth.
What does the Earth do?
Whatever the seed plants in
the Earth, whe it watered,
it grows.
So when seeds are
planted in our mind,
that grows and that manifests
in our reality, our shared
reality.
So the mainstream
media, I believe,
does plant things that we,
then, collectively manifest.
As you become more conscious
of what we take in,
the media we take in, the
stories that we take in,
I believe we'll be able to
manifest better realities.
>>NOORY: Interested to get
your reaction to Ben Stewart
from Gaia's "Open
Minds," who talked
a little bit about
transhumanism as it relates
to artificial intelligence, as
it relates to a new art form.
>>BEN STEWART: And so,
the artist, really--
to me, here is why I'm actually
super hopeful about what's
going on in the world is because
there's something about crisis.
And I think it was John F.
Kennedy, who pointed out
the Chinese symbol for crisis
and opportunity are identical.
So there's something about that.
There's an element,
these dueling dragons.
Like, yes, there has
to be the challenge.
There's the pressure on the
coal that creates the diamond.
And then, there's that thing
that emerges out of it.
And so, we love escaping
suffering and going for pain--
or I'm sorry-- escaping
pain and suffering and going
for pleasure.
There's something deeply
about the artist that
takes suffering and pain
and draws forth the beauty
from within it, and
represents it in a new way,
and really shows there's
that sovereignty of choice
and decision making,
which, at present, hasn't
been eradicated.
So we're talking about
linking our minds to computer
and cloud-based technology.
And eventually, that can
become the singular mind.
This is the whole
post-human idea.
It's after transhumanism.
It's having that singular mind.
And where does the artist go?
And there's a lot of people
that are just saying, listen,
this is where
technology always went.
Single-celled organisms
had to combine,
so you can have your experience.
Let's make way for
the next thing.
And in a sense, I agree,
or I understand the logic,
but where that strips
out the accountability
is, where are you taking care
of you in the here and now?
What is your soul telling you in
the here and now is important.
>>MEREDITH: Are
you even listening?
>>BEN STEWART: Right.
Because the hugest thing
about the transhuman thing
is the removal of our
own accountability.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
>>BEN STEWART: And
that feels great.
>>MEREDITH: Overwriting
internal messages
with external messaging.
>>BEN STEWART: Right.
And so, the very crucial
important task of the artist,
nowadays, are--
I mean, especially
right now in history
is, at this important
juncture, to get back
to some of the primal
meeting places,
where the artist would
always come out as well.
So cultivate the environment
where the artist always
seems to emerge, and
that's community.
>>NOORY: Sean, with the "Best
Kept Secret," your documentary,
one could say that
you are an artist.
>>STONE: I would hope so.
I've done a--
I've written some books.
I've done a couple of films.
>>NOORY: How do people get
to see this documentary?
>>STONE: Right now, "Best Kept
Secret" is on Iconic and Vimeo
on demand.
The best place, honestly, for
all my work is my website.
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>STONE: seanstone.info.
>>NOORY: S-T-O-N-E.
>>STONE: Still S-T-O-N-E.
>>NOORY: I love that name.
>>STONE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Your thoughts
on our future?
What do you really think?
Look at this world the way
it's happening right now.
Is there really hope for us?
>>STONE: Yes, because, as he
said, crisis and opportunity,
it goes back to many of
the Indigenous traditions
that we manifest crises
for us to confront things
that we don't want to see.
And going back to what
we were talking about,
this awakening process,
realization of, wow,
I thought I was free.
But the government told me,
I can't open my business.
I thought I was
free, but I can't
go to assemble because
the government said,
we're in a crisis.
So you see, all of a
sudden, your notions
of what you thought was a
free country have morphed.
>>NOORY: With the restrictions.
>>STONE: Right.
So you start-- so now,
we have to confront,
I mean, across the
board, whether it's
certain woke agenda,
conservative agendas,
we start to realize, what am
I about in this time period?
This is the greatest
opportunity for every one of us
to get more clear into
what we really stand for
and what we're about.
Are we just here
to be manipulated
by someone else's story?
Are we here to tell
our own stories
and to live our own stories?
>>NOORY: Big point.
Big point.
So you think there's a
hopeful way out of this?
>>STONE: It's inevitable.
To me, this is the best
way of clarifying what's
happened in the last few years.
As a conspiracy guy,
I mean, you as well,
we've, for decades,
have talked about this.
>>NOORY: We've seen it all.
>>STONE: And at the
same time, it's like,
people are starting
to see it as well.
So it's clarifying.
It clarifies, where do I stand?
Like I said, where do I
stand in the case of all
these politics, all these
culture wars, all these things.
Like, where do I stand
as an individual?
And in order to clarify it,
we have to be confronted.
So all of a sudden, when
you're confronted of,
these are the stipulations.
You have to take
this pharmaceutical
if you want to keep
your job, right?
Things like this.
All of a sudden, you
realize, wait a minute.
I don't know if I can
stand for that because I
stand as a free being.
So this is what's great
about these time periods.
When you see more
overt expressions
of authority, censorship,
for example, telling you,
you can't say this.
If you say that, your band.
You're shadow banned.
You're canceled.
Wow, I stand for freedom.
And this is where people are
going to find themselves.
Do they stand for
freedom, like he
said, which means you have
to take more responsibility,
or do you say, no,
you decide for me.
I agree with authoritarianism.
It doesn't bother me. as long as
I can just go about my business
and not offend anyone
or not be offended.
But guess what?
Authoritarianism has
never worked for a reason.
>>NOORY: Right.
Exactly.
But some people will throw
in the towel, won't they?
>>STONE: Of course.
Oftentimes, people feel that
security is more important,
and they build
these massive walls
until they realize that they
are now imprisoned by them.
There are people
that always want
to surrender self-responsibility
for the sake of security.
>>NOORY: And then
there are others
who will fight to the end.
>>STONE: That's it.
It's always this battle, right?
Freedom and safety.
>>NOORY: Sean, many
successes for you.
>>STONE: Thank you.
It's great.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>STONE: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: The humankind,
it's good to know people
like Sean Stone truly understand
the psyche of a human being.
Because, eventually, it's
going to pay off for all of us
when we look at the future
for our own families,
for ourselves, and the
direction we're going.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."